README.md, before:

# AdmxParser

[![NuGet Version](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/AdmxParser)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/AdmxParser/) ![Build Status](https://github.com/rkttu/AdmxParser/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml/badge.svg) [![GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/rkttu)](https://github.com/sponsors/rkttu/)

.NET-based ADMX/ADML parser library and programmatic Windows policy setting/management framework

## Breaking Changes

### From 0.5 to 0.6

All types of models and contract interfaces has been removed. Instead, the library now uses auto-generated XML schema classes to represent ADMX/ADML files for accuracy and integrity.

## Minimum Requirements

- Requires a platform with .NET Standard 2.0 or later, and Windows Vista+, Windows Server 2008+
  - This library does not support ADM files.
  - Supported .NET Version: .NET Core 2.0+, .NET 5+, .NET Framework 4.6.1+, Mono 5.4+, UWP 10.0.16299+, Unity 2018.1+

## How to use

### Loading PolicyDefinitions installed in the Windows directory

```csharp
using AdmxParser;

...

var instance = AdmxDirectory.GetSystemPolicyDefinitions();
await instance.LoadAsync(true);

var admxCollection = instance.LoadedAdmxFiles;

// Use admxCollection variable to investigate system policies.
```

## XML Schema Notes

- The XML schema used in this library is based on the schema defined in the [ADMX File Schema](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/openspecs/windows_protocols/ms-gpreg/6e10478a-e9e6-4fdc-a1f6-bdd9bd7f2209).
- You can regenerate the XML schema classes by running the `xsd.exe` tool with the parameters `PolicyDefinitionFiles.xsd /c /order /eld /edb /l:CS /namespace:AdmxParser.Serialization /nologo`.

## License

This library follows Apache-2.0 license. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for more information.

Commit message:

v0.6.3 release
Remove policy update methods and unused extension methods

README.md, after:

# AdmxParser

[![NuGet Version](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/AdmxParser)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/AdmxParser/) ![Build Status](https://github.com/rkttu/AdmxParser/actions/workflows/dotnet.yml/badge.svg) [![GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/rkttu)](https://github.com/sponsors/rkttu/)

.NET-based ADMX/ADML parser library and programmatic Windows policy setting/management framework

## Breaking Changes

### From 0.6.2 to 0.6.3

- I understand that changing policy settings is the last step in the mechanism, changing the registry. Since the framework does not handle looking up or modifying policies directly, and instead has to make it use the IGroupPolicyObject2 interface, I removed the associated functionality and test cases.
- Removed other unused extension methods.

### From 0.5 to 0.6

All types of models and contract interfaces has been removed. Instead, the library now uses auto-generated XML schema classes to represent ADMX/ADML files for accuracy and integrity.

## Minimum Requirements

- Requires a platform with .NET Standard 2.0 or later, and Windows Vista+, Windows Server 2008+
  - This library does not support ADM files.
  - Supported .NET Version: .NET Core 2.0+, .NET 5+, .NET Framework 4.6.1+, Mono 5.4+, UWP 10.0.16299+, Unity 2018.1+

## How to use

### Loading PolicyDefinitions installed in the Windows directory

```csharp
using AdmxParser;

...

var instance = AdmxDirectory.GetSystemPolicyDefinitions();
await instance.LoadAsync(true);

var admxCollection = instance.LoadedAdmxFiles;

// Use admxCollection variable to investigate system policies.
```

## XML Schema Notes

- The XML schema used in this library is based on the schema defined in the [ADMX File Schema](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/openspecs/windows_protocols/ms-gpreg/6e10478a-e9e6-4fdc-a1f6-bdd9bd7f2209).
- You can regenerate the XML schema classes by running the `xsd.exe` tool with the parameters `PolicyDefinitionFiles.xsd /c /order /eld /edb /l:CS /namespace:AdmxParser.Serialization /nologo`.

## License

This library follows Apache-2.0 license. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for more information.
